text- 1: You are in a dark cave. In the middle, there is a cauldron boiling. With a clasp of thunder, three witches suddenly appear before you.
firstVisit- 1: The witches speak in unison: \r\n"Mortal, we have summoned thee, make haste! And go forth into the farrow'd waste. Find eye of newt, and toe of frog,And deliver thus to this Scottish bog. Lizard 's leg, and owlet's wing, And hair of cat that used to sing. These things we need t' brew our charm; Bring them forth -and suffer no 'arm. Leave us and go! 'Tis no more to be said, Save if you fail, then thou be stricken, dead."
otherVisits- 1: The witches stand before you, glaring; they seem to be expecting something from you.
winningText- 1: The witches look at your items with suspicion, but decide to go through with the incantation of the spell: "Take lizard's leg and owlet's wing, And hair of cat that used to sing. In the cauldron they all shall go; Stirring briskly, to and fro. When the color is of a hog, Add eye of newt and toe of frog. Bubble all i' the charmed pot;  Bubble all 'til good and hot. Pour the broth into a cup of stone, And stir it well with a mummy's bone." You take the resulting broth offered to you and drink... As the fog clears, you find yourself at a computer terminal;  your adventure is at an end. 
text- 2: You're transported back in time...you find yourself in Georgia during the midst of a congressional campaign.
preAction- 2: There is a campaign poster of Newt Gingrich, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, on the wall, with his large eyes looking right at you.
postAction- 2: There is a defaced poster of Newt Gingrich on the wall.
text- 3: This is room 3
text- 4: This is room 4
preAction- 4: This is the preAction for Room 4
postAction- 4: This is the postAction for Room 4
text- 5: This is room 5
text- 6: This is room 6
text- 7: You find yourself walking into a scene where the cast of Monty Python's Flying Circus is performing the "Crunchy Frog" sketch. You see the confectioner as he replies, "If we took the bones out it wouldn't be crunchy now, would it?" You see a box of "Crunchy Frog" chocolates, the contents of which contains a dozen nicely cleaned whole frogs that have been carefully hand-dipped in the finest chocolate.
text- 8: This is room 8
text- 9: As you step through the time portal, your head begins to spin you're disoriented and then awaken. You find yourself at the outside door of a dormitory kitchen. Listening, you hear the Chef yelling, "Stop! Stop!" while several cats inside are singing a serenade of the "Meow Mix" commercial theme. Suddenly, the repeated thump of a cleaver puts an abrupt end to the music.
text- 10: You are in the kitchen. Looking out into the cafeteria, you see students reaching for Pepto-Bismol while trying to stomach the latest version of the Chef's Surprise. You see the Chef as he finishes dumping fresh meat into his 50-quart stewing pot. There are clumps of cat hair on the butcher's block. You hear the Chef muttering to himself, "Prepared properly, cat tastes much like chicken..."